they recommend an alternative system to me
chlorine
I currently use pills and we
first with the truth is that I
I would recommend at this time the
saline electrolysis we eliminate the
risks of chemical products we are going to
have complete assurance that the
pool is in perfect condition is
something automatic is going to leave us a lot
free time will make us
Let's enjoy the pool in times like
we can have in this country of drought
that will make us not have to
change the water in our pool
let's save a lot is not very expensive
It will also be installed easily and
quickly in the house of the
purifier of your pool is a product
which has a fast amortization in 3 4
or 5 years maximum the apparatus of
electrolysis ali we have it that
buy in the usual store that
We have professional pool no
you have to do any work to install
no work we 're just going to
place a device on its own
debugging that will produce a
electrolysis and that will manufacture
directly the chlorine with the salt that
let's take the water out of the pool
but in a few hours he has it installed
totally with the device
Saline electrolysis will be all
automatic we will be without risks
even of problems we may have
because we forgot to add chlorine
we will maintain even in the winter
the water in the pool with which we are going
to save water index and we will have
always the perfect water simply
we will add the lack that we can
have salt when the next one arrives
season the feeling of a smooth skin
of a soft hair that children do not
it stings in the eyes we do not have to
relate nothing that's the advantage because
of course we do not have chemicals anymore
to store with which is a great
safety for children